Psalm 112 praise the Lord
Psalm 112 praise the Lord blessed is the man who fears the Lord
blessed is the man who fears the Lord
blessed is the man who fears the Lord who delights greatly in his commandments
who delights greatly in his commandments
who delights greatly in his commandments his descendants will be mighty on earth
his descendants will be mighty on earth
his descendants will be mighty on earth the generation of the upright will be
the generation of the upright will be
the generation of the upright will be blessed wealth and riches will be in his
blessed wealth and riches will be in his
blessed wealth and riches will be in his house and his righteousness endures
house and his righteousness endures
house and his righteousness endures forever unto the upright there arises
forever unto the upright there arises
forever unto the upright there arises light in the darkness he is gracious and
light in the darkness he is gracious and
light in the darkness he is gracious and full of compassion and righteous a good
full of compassion and righteous a good
full of compassion and righteous a good man deals graciously and lends he will
man deals graciously and lends he will
man deals graciously and lends he will guide his affairs with discretion surely
guide his affairs with discretion surely
guide his affairs with discretion surely he will never be shaken the righteous
he will never be shaken the righteous
he will never be shaken the righteous will be in everlasting remembrance he
will be in everlasting remembrance he
will be in everlasting remembrance he will not be afraid of evil tidings his
will not be afraid of evil tidings his
will not be afraid of evil tidings his heart is steadfast trusting in the Lord
heart is steadfast trusting in the Lord
heart is steadfast trusting in the Lord his heart is established he will not be
his heart is established he will not be
his heart is established he will not be afraid until he sees his desire upon his
afraid until he sees his desire upon his
afraid until he sees his desire upon his enemies he has dispersed abroad he has
enemies he has dispersed abroad he has
enemies he has dispersed abroad he has given to the poor his righteousness
given to the poor his righteousness
given to the poor his righteousness endures forever
endures forever
endures forever his horn will be exalted with honor the
his horn will be exalted with honor the
his horn will be exalted with honor the wicked will see it and be grieved he
wicked will see it and be grieved he
wicked will see it and be grieved he will gnash his teeth and melt away the
will gnash his teeth and melt away the
will gnash his teeth and melt away the desire of the wicked shall perish